boom welcome everyone to the Jessup EFS
quickly they have stand up today is
March 26 2008 een and as usual we will
try to make a very short call to share
our updates what we have done last week
what we got plucked and what we are
planning for next week and also answer
any questions that people might have
as usual I pray that like if you could
add your updates to the crib pad
beforehand it makes it it is very
helpful for others to be able to read as
you share your a bit and you can do that
on the crib pad do we have a note-taker
for today someone asking all right okay
thank you so much cool so how is
everyone by the way is everyone doing
okay can everyone sweet awesome I'll
show my update first as I'm the first on
the list so I have advanced yeah okay
it took me it would be cool if everyone
could hit his or her name through the
attendee thank you yeah
all right so I'm
MVDs and my bet is that I've advanced on
the leaf peer-to-peer config refactor
there's a lot of work there a lot of
work that's will influence the overall
we factor I'm just doing it backwards so
there's a dumpster as usual review PRS
and merges and releases all things that
people ask me and yeah like I didn't
manage to do everything I had planned
last week just because of end of the
quarter
administrative tasks that I have to do
as well my my plan for this week so is
to continue like so last week I said
like we need to distribute the module
ownership by more people so that more
people
have the authority and like the
responsibility to review PRS merchant
Luthor releases and I want to create a
structure this week I think it will be
very beneficial especially because some
of us already are doing that and I want
to make explicit so that the
contributors and the maintainer is know
that like they always assign to what I
want to finish the liquid beer config
pull request and I want to work with all
of you on ok ours for quarter two and my
proposal there is like to really like
take inspiration from all the web
browsers in desert like we start with a
poor request on just a TFS back to a
document and we can use that document to
share feedback to each other and then
once we feel that document is finished
then I will pour it over to the
spreadsheet Google Spreadsheets is not
really great for collaborative editing
because the comments feature doesn't
really work well so that's my about any
questions for me on all these things or
suggestions so it sounds good
let's go next Volker here meted alright
yeah I just always have trouble to find
the unmute button so all right and so my
update is what am I left with
everything is really slow into his
running so alright so my applet is I was
at a conference last week at the other
German open source Q conference it was
combined with a code sprint yeah I talk
a lot of people about ipfs and also
noise the other project I'm doing and
therefore much more than anything
because I haven't written any real work
and but next is working on the Oakley
hours obviously and I still changes for
the tag API in the queue for the CLI MDM
and HTTP API so I want to finish those
and I've seen that they are quite a few
flaky tests on Jas ideas I really want
to get those screen as well because my
goal
that we can run the j/s ipfs api and
let's say it's ipfs test on say s ipfs
core alright this will be my goal and
yeah but for this the test obviously
need to work well also doesn't it finish
all right that's all I have cool we
should get like nicknames for all these
projects so that they're easier to
distinguish my questions last suggestion
is given that you're going to tinker
with tests right now there has been a
proposal to create a demon pool or a
note pool one of the things that makes
the tests take a lot of time is really
spawning your demons and so if we create
something that perhaps at the FSD CTL
and just like spawns like ten demons or
whatever the number of demons is that is
required for the tests then every time
that occurs form is called then then
like you don't need to wait for the
creation of it Dimitri yeah I think we
I'm not sure if pulling the demons is
such a good idea
but maybe haven't pre created repos that
we can just copy real quickly and then
spawn digging on top of that that would
be probably cleaner cooling the demons
means that you're not gonna be running
with a clean people sometimes unless he
already mean haven't the river copied
over every time like there is two things
attacking I'm playing the RSA keys and
like spawning the process creating RSA
keys is definitely probably going to cut
off all the time that's already spent
they're pulling the demons I was not
proposing to reuse the demons but just
like to create a demon pool that is
already available so that instead of
like you waiting ten seconds for a demon
to be ready
thank you ma'am but this is like a
suggestion for your Booker even if
you're okay with that
won't make your work easier by making
this faster oh let's go to the next
update yoga or you have a hand sorry I
was looking at the gate that night
real quick I don't really try to improve
the test that heavily like I'm more
concerned about like getting the current
one
somehow green and then hopefully someone
else would work fine
clean up the head
all right yeah just a suggestion
cool yeah thank you and welcome back we
want to hear all the updates from force
juice you need to share about that not
now like in an issue or something cool
yoga
all right I was a lady well this was my
onboarding week
my first week being the code it was a
nice challenge I must say so I've been a
small pea are fixing winter error that
already got merged then the vid
mentioned me in an issue so I started
working on that I published a module a
small module that compares see most he
said of comparing places instances we're
using like a structure not name to to
check if an instance is part of a quest
but I think we suppose be a little
patient that suggests that we used
symbols yeah
so why there was an echo
so I publish the module doing that I
started working on it applying it to
some other APIs but available the
transpiler was having some problems so I
had to rework that and I'm doing that at
the moment and yet next week I plan to
to make some PR students and modules I
think that's it I sent you an email with
it with something like the hwachun
working if you want yeah I think I'll
try to get to thank you thank you for
compiling those notes from what was your
importing experience and I it's already
super useful what are the main bothers
at this point there yeah like so the
sounds good like always always like
given that this work requires touching
multiple repos it is always good that's
why I was reported or where the main
issue were like we initially thought
about the problem to track all the work
that needs to happen all the other
ebooks like just
just doing a list or like okay I need to
change this repo nice trip one release
and etc like just like all those tasks
helps everyone else understand what is
the status of that desk because well
there is no way to to really have an
issue across multiple repos you really
have to link all the things a little bit
manually yeah and in the comments cross
reference the day issue right I don't
know how to well I for example I have to
to open appear in the mostly formats
repo but then I'll have to go to ipfs
and open at pr2 updating the package
Jason right yeah but how do you guys are
gonna test that so the contract that we
have with each other is when you open a
PR that requires like other peers from
other modules you just say okay these PR
in order for it to work depends on these
PRS for all the other modules and the
first thing that is testing I'm
reviewing that's the of like if groaning
NPM install NPM going all the way and
testing it okay again it's kind of like
what we live with NPM but like it's the
thing that worked well pretty much for
us all the other thing that we tried in
the past kind of like resulted in a lot
of confusion just just make it explicit
just like say what it needs to let's
catch like later or maybe tomorrow given
up now you have spend your first week so
then we can start like identifying major
verticals for you to like start focusing
on instead of I just picking random
issues from the pool sounds good I'll
send you my link so that you can forget
I'm cool next up Aisling brain also
known as Alex pot sites all right so
this week it is some onboarding and had
the initial attempts taking over chunks
of
streams merged into the UNIX FS engine
repo I started looking at kind of
experimenting with with changing the max
chunk size for files that are stored in
IPA first to see if we could get kind of
better seeking performance by loading
smaller chunks of the files and one go
and I discovered that the change that
I'd made
doesn't work when you have lots and lots
of chunks because the tree structure
gets deeper and the approaches and I
even didn't take this into account so
I've been fixing that it's almost done
I'm hoping I'll be out of PR and for
that tomorrow and then we can merge the
example as well into the repo the main
Reaper and I'll be cool sounds good
sounds good that's great
so can you two mildly some things the PR
that you need me to review and merge so
they're my favorite hazard yeah sure
well thing you already see same thing
for UI likes like we should catch up
tomorrow
just like now that you have done the
first week so that we can find some
verticals for you to like focus more a
mid long term and not just pick random
issues from the lost world sounds good
yeah okay Rob just just changing
chunking like that have implications for
like interoperability with somebody
using VoIP FS because then if you add a
file through kids I'd be the best person
setting in through do ipfs you want to
put the different ash because you'd have
a different structure ask a question
home toilet it should not require to
change it chunking this is more for
starting at certain offsets of the file
and so like you see like the file as you
were doing before but this is like more
a read operation change then right
like it doesn't even change the right
operation count yet okay I misunderstood
but here's what he what he was talking
about doing oh no I was I was passing
different options into the importer
scripts importer which then does change
their file chunks that are stored in the
leaf nodes of the live the dog you're
passing and what were those options
exactly this is called much chomp sighs
thank you
but like in order for seek to happen you
don't need to change that no no you
don't need to but it as an option that
you can pass in so I was trying to
trying to see if I could make seek be
quicker by having smaller file John so
you need to load less of like you know
there's less data going over the wire
before you get to the bytes that you're
interested in so now I understand to
qualify I guess essentially like even go
what you support different chunk choices
like we just like default to 256 K but
we've been doing that forever and what
Alex was experimenting with is that like
when you have this graph and you want to
do seek like the the wings on the graph
to tell you certain sizes about what is
below that branch and so with smaller
chunks you can quickly quickly go to the
to the branch that as the the offset
that you're looking for but it is I
guess I can experiment it's not like
changing the default value the default
will still be 256 K or just like maybe
like in the tutorial explain if you
really want to do six maybe you want to
import a files in a different way
all right thank you any other questions
was this helpful Rob like maybe clarify
your question I mean sort of
so brief frames this is like an
experiment in what ways using IPS works
well or not I've really a change to
genocide beef s per se so any advice
that comes out of this should be exactly
the same for somebody who's gonna be of
s so that's I guess somewhat important
to understand that is true perhaps we
can have some tests written for the
interrupt proposal Alex as part of this
word so that we see when we make sure
that both options are respected yeah
thank you
we have nine minutes left so let's like
try to move fast
Dimitri Hey so last week I worked on I
proposed a ctrl in Romans mostly
detecting running notes which I think
ideas required for because that's the
ability to use to ingest environment
variables to set the demon and default
into a flag to default to the demon
addresses I also worked on I also
started looking into the I've been
making some changes to live it to be
multiplex related to an issue that was
discovered and then I realized that
there's an issue to rework it with full
streams so I've been looking into that
as well sounds good yeah like that these
will be super important yesterday that's
way faster because that we have a
conversion between those jet streams and
pools streams there and also reduce the
panel size of the peer-to-peer because
then we don't need to import this the
same so that's our mission to work thank
you for picking a recipe
Rob nothing too special to say other
than I did not actually get to doing the
thing that we talked about I should go
back and do on the call last week so
it's my job to get that done this week
in you to be merged in a sort of interim
little bit of documentation yeah exactly
I like I as I reported on the PR as I
felt like we had made some progress it
do not leave it hanging like we can
still upgrade Murdoch so thank you so
much for opening it cool Zane
cool so sir last week took a look at the
IP six ipv4 like validations and Multi
adder and just try to make sense of what
was going on and compared that to the go
library so given that doing the ipv6
validation this is actually just a lot
of code to write and like verify is
correct it seemed like using the IP
address library would be a good option I
think it's maybe used already within lit
p2p switch so I just wrapped that with
the buffer and submitted PR if that
makes sense
alternatively there's a long reg X that
we could use to apply against the ipv6
and then the other thing was I started
working on the JSI PLD like put to
support like a custom hash I'll go on
the CID and so I just filed a PR for
that as well or the start of that so it
involves going through all of the
utilities and changing the like shape of
the request so I mentioned that in the
issue and next week looking at tackling
a new JSI PLD issue probably will pick
up the C realizes too many times
thank you okay I will review this pull
request like this strategy of using IP
address sounds good to me
and as you say like we already use that
module so it's not like adding okay you
have something urgent or should I finish
my cut yes yeah just for saying I'm the
the isn't we are changing the IP of this
back a bit I will put it to your issue
as well but the API for the serializing
the CID will change so perhaps it
automatically resolved
encoding problem so patiently well you
pick though I get the takeaway
probably better picking out others you
okay maybe give some suggestions or like
what would be best issues to talk about
I tell you man does it that sounds good
to me yeah I would love to do what you
need yeah yep when we know these things
it's always good to have with on the
issue okay I guess issue is we're going
to get solved by this other and ever or
it's blocked by its own endeavor so
that's people that's don't have access
to these calls or go participate in
these calls also have that information
cool alright so we are done from updates
that are on the good path but I feel
that there is at least one more like
Jacob like the you want to share like I
know I you have been doing stuff for
last week so would you like to share a
plate with us yes sir
so I added a spec to the interface repo
for adding CID instances to the files
cat API that's been merged into excuse
me into JSI PFS also did in update some
small updates for the multi-plex
dependency so that's now using em Plex
instead of the deprecated moles our Plex
and then one of the globs in the testing
suite was incorrect so that's been
corrected this week I'll probably meet
with David to again look at vertical
slice for the application um and right
now I'm just continuing to deep dive
into the ecosystem to get up to speed
sounds good okay
I'll share my calendar with everyone
let's well it's like a child as soon as
possible so that everyone can like be
productive for the rest of life yeah
Kyle and new go do you have anything to
share ask effect
I think it's the first time you're
caught I say hi and I just guys yeah
right now I didn't really have nothing
to update I'm just reading documentation
and how can we the do to get up to speed
so that's basically it
[Music]
I let's see I'm just reversing in but
I'm so it's when I mentioned quickly
that this week I'm sort of finalizing
all the stuff for how we're gonna
communicate with web browsers on getting
interfaces that we can use to improve
GSI PFS in the future things like you
know being able to get access like UDP
sockets and stuff like that like pretty
pretty long term like ambitious stuff
that'll make it so that you know web RTC
isn't the 600 connection thank you know
and everything right so so you'll
probably see some invites coming for me
for like a mailing list and stuff so you
can look up for that alright thank you
that exciting cool okay so we have like
one minute left and I guess there is
like one thing that I want to cover
which is the waffle works so we're like
three waffle words he's like I can bend
style an awful more it was like backlog
ready in progress and done there is a
video on the first issue or the first
time about the the thread for the weekly
is that X point that we use it there's a
document
MGMT on giuseppe doesn't explain how to
use it and what the thing that I'm like
is it to me the thing that I'm what to
get to by explaining is is that I feel
that we are not using the waffle boards
as they were designed to be used as in
like it is really hard to look at the
motherboard and understand like what
people are working on because like when
you touch pull requests like it tells
you that it becomes in progress and
that's great because it's automatic but
if you know it's like you are now go out
buy this for a teaspoon request and you
cannot work it is
useful for you to do the work of
exchanging from in progress to ready
because like if it's not being worked on
then it should be on the ready column
why do we want this like we want this to
it understand if we are actually
tackling the top priority issues like
right now when I do the filter by p0 and
p1 and so on it is clear that not
everyone is tackling the most important
issues at least from the the eristic
that we use to declare what is an
important mission or not but there might
be reasons for that like there might be
other issues that are actually more
important because there might be other
bugs that appear and so it is good for
us as a team as you can see like this
team is growing like warm article are
joining to be very diligent on a
pathetic like the priority of the issue
like saying if it's in progress already
and and making sure that those issues
keep going through the pipeline so that
like it's very easy to track progress or
to understand where everyone is headed
I wonder like does anyone ask questions
all these like do they like the idea so
like see you go and rock oh this is so
you you are saying - if we get blocked
and let me know while finishing a task
you suggest we just move the text to the
ready column let me rephrase that
it's a good question so what I mean is
if you get blocked and if you know oh
this thing is now blocked by something
that it's going to like take a while
like or that it is blocked by something
that I don't control then it shouldn't
move to the ready column like it should
not be on me in progress otherwise what
happens is like you then I have 20
issues on the in progress and no one
knows anymore exactly like which one you
are tackling yeah but it's that we will
create another problem like in the ready
column you will have hundreds HU and you
will not know which of those are really
ready or just locked so we can have a
separate level right now all we have
been making a distinction is that like
when someone is assigned to an issue
it means like that person is owning the
issue and so if something on sound ready
that like is assigned to me you you
should not try to pick it up like it's
on my plate and so there is a way to
filter that like by empty issues so that
you can find something new to work on
but if it's helpful we can definitely
add another label that just says blocked
so that people know that like something
is worked as well maybe I feel like
that's a good idea to do and and we do
have a tool to like add the label
swallowed every Rose right Peter we can
add another one cool Rob
that's mainly what I was gonna ask which
is does it make sense to add a label or
even a special column because it's kind
of important to understand that
something is blocked not just like we
haven't had a chance to work out yet or
whatever but you pretty much said yes
yes I'm good like you you alright
having a level will be useful but but
that's pretty much it that's it
essentially what means like when someone
opens the waffle board it is in progress
like they should they have a clear
picture like what each person is working
on and they should see the movement of
the issues going to the down column and
typically people should like always pick
the most urgent first of course there's
like some that are like there is some
questions here because like there might
be some urgent issue and then because of
that you might solve another not as
urgent and now you just pile them up and
I keep them as one package and so you
end up doing less urgent things and then
depending on like the time pressure or
if we are preparing ourselves for a demo
or or if we have a feature that we
really really support some use case like
the the way that we perceive that extra
added work might change and so sometimes
like it's really important just like
focus on the critical ones the pick need
to be shipped as soon as possible other
times it's okay to just level up the
entire project as we go but then again
always like as a golden rule just like
try to take back all the peer ones and
p0s first and get that waffle word
updated
that's good all right so I know I have
to have some talks with some folks here
so that we find those verticals so that
people can focus more for everyone else
that has been here for a while do you
feel confident about what the thing that
you need to work on this week okay I see
some thumbs up yeah right
good question and what would the plan
with the okie are because it might have
been discussed previously but yeah I'm
building the loop got it
so the LPRs 4GS ipfs specifically I will
open a PR to the Jessup FS repo with dot
MD and I will also link to the IP
passing web browsers working group
markdown file because what they did was
just greater like my on file with
objectives key results priorities and
idea the discussion on a PR which makes
it really nice to the discussion and
then once they were confident that the
list was right then they added its to
the spreadsheet and so yeah I'll woven a
PR and I will tag everyone and and we'll
just take it from there sweet
give me tree you got in your hand I know
you're just waiting cool all right thank
you so much everyone for your time and
have a great week see you on the
interwebs